- Previously on
"Superman and Lois"...
- The night that
that thing came,
I saw what happened
to your dad.
- Denise.
- No, it's OK.
I'm not gonna,
like, say anything.
- I don't feel strong.
- Well, for starters,
you died, so you
can't expect to just bounce
back and be the same person.
Elizabeth Luthor.
If you could just talk to him.
You are the one person
in the world he cares about.
- Lois Lane took 17
years of my life.
- Which you could
never get back.
- There has to be a price.
- I won't expose my son
to this kind of hatred,
so stay out of my life forever.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- [screams]
- Lex, is everything OK?
Did something happen
with Elizabeth?
- Where are we with the land?
- I'm showing it to Bash
and the others this morning.
They're less than enthusiastic
about moving headquarters.
- They'll get over it.
- Maybe, although some of their
concerns are understandable.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
Fine.
But we still need to work
through the zoning issues.
- You've spoken to Mayor Lang?
- I'm pretty sure
she's the issue.
There have been
roadblocks at every step.
- I'll deal with her.
Send this to Milton.
Tell him I want
it by end of day.
♪ ♪
- What are they for?
- He'll know.
- But I don't need to?
♪ ♪
Fine.
I'll get this to Milton.
- Amanda.
Wanting to be back
in my daughter's life
was one of the things that
got me through prison.
Your loyalty was the other.
Make no mistake.
I have a plan.
I know exactly
how this will end.
♪ ♪
[light music]
- We got everything on Luthor?
- DOD surveillance files,
plus everything we dug up while
we were at "The Daily Planet."
- Let's get to work.
I wanna send
Luthor back to prison
before he has time to regroup.
We're heading to "The Gazette."
- Good luck.
- Hey, is that Jon?
- Yeah. Three hours ago.
Check this out.
- That was all this morning?
- Ask him yourself.
- Your brother was just showing
us what you've been up to.
- Oh, yeah. Couldn't sleep.
Heard those screams in Chicago.
We're out of eggs?
- How many saves
have you made today?
- Uh, three or four.
Nothing too crazy.
Wanna grab a bite
at Vicky May's?
- Yeah, sure.
- Race ya.
- That is starting to get old.
- Jon's doing too much.
He needs to slow down.
- I'll talk to him.
- Thanks, sweetie.
- Hey, even though we support
you taking a step back
from the superhero stuff,
it doesn't mean
you can stay at the house
playing video games all day.
- Maybe Vicky May's is hiring.
Might be fun
working with Sarah.
- He's right.
That is getting old.
- Let's go, slow poke.
♪ ♪
- What time did you
get home last night?
- Uh, later than I planned.
- You know you don't
have to come home.
- I'm not leaving
you here alone.
- Why?
Soph's with Dad all week.
- John Henry has already
left for Metropolis,
so it's not an issue.
- Sucks he's barely
here these days.
- Yeah.
But we're trying
to figure it out.
- Well, at least you have
something to look forward to.
All I ever do is work
and sleep and work.
- At least you're
making money, right?
- Yeah.
- Hey.
Tonight, you and
me, girls night.
- Deal.
You know, I'm really glad
that you and Mr. Irons
are spending time together.
After everything with Dad,
you deserve it.
- Thanks, sweetie.
- You're welcome.
Now I'm off to the
job that I hate.
I love you.
- Love you.
[phone buzzes]
- Otis Grisham.
Rumor is Luthor got
him early release,
so he's never gonna flip.
- Yeah, and this bozo lawyered
up the second John Henry
dropped him off at the DOD.
We may have a shot with
Cheryl Kimble, though.
- So we just need her to
come out of hiding again.
What?
- Nothing.
It's just, you've got some
salt and pepper going on.
- What? Where?
- I mean, there's a patch.
- A patch?
- It's just a little gray.
You look handsome.
There she is.
- Is that Luthor's assistant?
- As far as I can tell,
she doesn't have a title.
One of the many things
I wanna ask her about.
- You want me to come along?
- No.
I can handle
Miss Business Suit.
You look into
Cheryl Kimble for me.
Stop worrying about your hair.
- I'm not.
- Hey.
- He has been in there
for half an hour,
and it is creeping me out.
- What does he want?
- He said he only
wants to talk to you.
- Well, did you
tell him he needs
to schedule an appointment?
- I tried, but he just marched
straight into your office.
- Sorry you've been waiting,
but unfortunately, we're
gonna need to reschedule.
- This will only take a minute.
- What can I do for you?
- More what you can stop doing.
- I'm not following.
- These zoning
restrictions of yours.
They're interfering
with my plans.
- There's a lot
of red tape, I know,
but that's just how things
are done around here.
- Not anymore.
- Excuse me?
I'm building my new
headquarters in Smallville.
Nothing you do is
going to change that.
- Is that a threat?
- Just a fact.
- I think we're done here.
- Do your job, Mayor Lang.
- My job is protecting
the people of Smallville
from someone like you.
- I'll only ask once.
- You already have my answer.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- This security system
of yours, it's just like one
an old acquaintance
of mine built.
When his time came,
it didn't do much
to protect him.
- Get out of my office
and don't come back.
♪ ♪
- What the hell is
Luthor thinking?
- He believes this will
be the perfect location
for our next headquarters.
- Yeah, maybe if we're
in the fertilizer business.
- The land is cheap
and undeveloped.
- For good reason.
Amanda, there is no
way I can support
this in good conscience.
- This is what Lex wants,
so you better get on board.
- Look, the rest of us don't
have whatever cozy relationship
it is you have with Luthor.
We need to know why
he's doing this.
- It's simple.
Luthor's moving here
to harass my family.
- What's she talking about?
- Leave.
I'll handle her.
- Go ahead, tell him.
- I said leave.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
So prison wasn't enough,
and now you're trying
to sabotage his business?
- Everything I said was true,
and you know it.
- This is a business decision.
Anything else is just
more fake news from you.
- What exactly is it
you do for Luthor?
- Is that why you're here,
to ask about my job
responsibilities?
♪ ♪
- You have no idea
how dangerous he is.
He killed my father.
- I thought it was that
big, scary monster.
Next, you'll probably say
he killed Superman, too.
Or maybe even your husband.
You can't beat him.
- You know, with that
big, scary monster gone,
I'm starting
to like my chances.
- Doesn't matter.
Whatever Lex sets
his mind to gets done.
- Not when it comes
to his daughter.
Oh, he didn't tell you.
Elizabeth came here and asked
him to be a part of her life,
but he couldn't walk away
from his obsession with me.
Luthor is losing control,
and if you're not careful,
he'll take you down with him.
- That'll never happen.
- The only person
he cares about is himself.
If you don't believe me,
look at how
he treated his own daughter.
The real question is,
what happens when
you two don't see eye to eye?
[tense music]
♪ ♪
[scanner beeping]
- Everything OK?
- Yeah, of course.
Why wouldn't it be?
That will be $19.38.
- OK. Ah, keep the change.
- OK.
- Hey, Clark.
- Hey, hey.
How's it--
- Um, hey.
Uh, that's new.
Is everything all right?
- Yeah, no, of course.
Why wouldn't it be?
- Yeah, no.
Denise, do you mind
getting my package?
- Yes, of course.
- Thank you.
So, Lex Luthor just
came by my office
trying to intimidate me into
signing off on his land deal.
- Lana, you have to
be careful with him.
- I know.
Lois already warned me.
But I'm not gonna just let
him build his new headquarters
in Smallville.
- Wait, new headquarters?
Where?
- Aidy Manning's place,
up off of Highway 40.
- I didn't know it
was on the market.
- It wasn't until he
made an offer for five
times what it's worth.
I'm headed to Aidy's now to
try to talk her out of it.
You should come with me.
- I mean, I don't know how
much help that would be.
- Clark, your mom
was a guardian
angel around these parts.
Hearing from you
would mean a lot.
- Yeah, sure.
Anything to help.
- So, did you forget how to eat
food like a normal human being?
- You know you can
breathe, right?
- I just skipped
out on breakfast.
- Why?
Where were you?
- Oh.
Toronto, San Juan, Gastonia.
Superboy here has
been really busy.
- Right.
It's better than serving eggs.
- That's cause you've
never been to Gastonia.
- Jon, most people
in Smallville
have never been anywhere but
here, so count yourself lucky.
- Hey!
Well, well, well.
Now, if it isn't my two
favorite student athletes.
Move over, Shortstack.
Come on.
You boys ready for
the football season?
- Coach, I'm kind of
banned from the team.
- I haven't played
in two years.
- Let me worry about that.
How about you two just
keep worrying about being--
[whispering]
Super?
- Coach, I don't think that's--
- Way I see it, we got
a real opportunity here.
Why not take advantage of it?
- I mean, there's
so many reasons.
- Think of the possibilities.
State titles,
scholarships, girls.
See.
Your brother knows
what I'm talking about.
- Ah, listen,
coach, I got to run.
- Hey, so that's a yes, right?
- Definitely not.
- What about you, Curlicue?
- I'm sorry to let you down,
but his lawyers have already
drawn up the paperwork.
I was just about to
head over to Manito's.
- Lex Luthor is bad
for this town, Aidy.
- Sure.
I've heard the rumors.
But Luthor didn't
murder those people.
Even Lois said so.
- Which doesn't make
him a good person.
We can't let someone
like that into this town.
Not after what happened
with Morgan Edge.
- It's just, I'll never have
an opportunity like this again.
- I know.
And we wouldn't be here
if this wasn't serious.
- Is Luthor really that bad?
- Yeah.
Yeah, he really is.
Like, I know it's a lot
of money to turn down.
- I mean, it's nothing compared
to what you sacrificed.
- I'm sorry?
- Everything you've
done for this town.
For the-- just wouldn't feel
right cashing in if you're
that worried about it.
- Uh, Aidy, I'm not
really sure what you--
- Let me get my sweater and
I'll ride into town with you.
Talk to his lawyers.
[soft music]
♪ ♪
- Is it just me,
or did it feel like Aidy
knows who I really am?
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- You are not
gonna believe this.
Luthor is moving
Luthor Corp to Smallville.
- Not gonna happen anymore.
- How do you know that?
- I ran into Lana
at Brit & Dunn's earlier,
and she asked me to go
to Aidy Manning's to help
convince her not to sell.
- And it worked?
- They're going to
talk to his lawyers
right now to tell
him the deal's off.
- How did you convince her?
- Well, that part was
pretty easy, considering
she thinks I'm Superman.
- What?
- Yeah, and I'm pretty sure
she's not the only one.
- How do you feel about that?
- Uh--
- Got these for you guys.
- Where have you been?
- Putting out
my second fire in a row.
Then made a few more saves.
Last one was in Montreal.
Heard they had great bagels,
so...
- Have a seat.
- Oh.
What did I do wrong?
- You wanna work here?
- Just until school
starts back up.
- Well, we don't have anything.
- Sarah.
What do you mean?
- Have you asked Denise
at Brit & Dunn's?
- Yes, I did.
And she said ever
since Jon quit,
she had to cover
all of his shifts,
and now she has
a strict no Kent policy.
- Yeah.
- Look, Sarah,
please, I need this.
- Yeah, and I need to not share
shifts with my ex-boyfriend.
- Come on.
This isn't really about us.
- What is wrong with you?
I know you're taking
time off from being
a superhero and everything,
but you can fly.
- So?
- So you can go anywhere
and do anything.
I mean, do you really think
I like taking orders all day?
No, but I messed up,
and I'm making up for it.
But you, you could be
having so much fun.
You can go anywhere in the
world and find a summer job.
- It doesn't work like that.
- Do you know what I would
give to have your freedom,
to go someplace new?
- Sarah, you don't
need powers to do that.
[soft music]
♪ ♪
Look, Sarah, will you
please just reconsider?
- Not happening.
- Please.
- Hey, Mr. Taylor.
Have a seat.
- You're walking away?
- It's not like she
actually signed anything.
Aidy was simply considering--
- You agreed to the
terms, Ms. Manning.
We had a handshake deal.
- I know.
And I'm sorry.
But I've had a change of heart.
- Then please, give me
a chance to change it back.
[dramatic music]
- You're asking me to do less.
- We're asking you
to strike a balance.
- You can barely hear anymore,
and you have Lex Luthor
breathing down your neck.
- Look, you've
been very helpful.
But when you push
yourself too hard,
that's when
mistakes can happen.
- I won't take
no for an answer, Aidy.
- You're gonna have to.
- Miss Lang's
arguing with Luthor.
- This doesn't involve you.
- She said the deal is off.
- Tell me what you need.
- She needs you to stop.
- What's your number?
- I said enough.
- Stay the hell
out of my business!
- Then leave her alone.
- Lana?
- It's OK, Clark.
Mr. Luthor was just leaving.
- 10 million.
Sell me your farm,
you get $10 million.
And so will everyone
else in this bar.
Do we have a deal?
- It doesn't feel right, Aidy.
- He wants it this bad.
Something's wrong.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- The answer is still no.
- Like I said,
you were just leaving.
♪ ♪
- What the hell were
you thinking back there?
That was so far
past acceptable.
- She should have
never had a chance
to walk away from the deal.
- This isn't prison, Lex.
You can't just bully everyone
into doing what you want.
- Tell Milton to send
his installation team.
- Do you even know what it is
that you're doing here anymore?
Because you're not the only
one who can see 10 steps ahead,
and I am telling you that
all this, it's a bad move.
- I told you, everything
is under control.
- Really?
Because it sounds
like your daughter
wanted to be in your life,
but you just couldn't walk
away from revenge summer camp.
You didn't think that was
something I should know?
- It wasn't the time.
- How dare you keep
me in the dark.
After running your business
for the last 10 years.
- And making millions.
- Which I earned.
Every damn penny.
And now you're threatening the
future that I built for us.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- Do you still believe in me?
Amanda?
- I don't know.
♪ ♪
- Then figure it out.
Because you have to choose.
Me or them.
There is no middle ground.
♪ ♪
- It's about time
that somebody stood
up to that bald headed loser.
- Aidy is the real hero.
She turned down a fortune.
- Do you think
that he's gonna try
and buy somebody else's land?
- No.
Not after the way
they stood up to him.
I mean, you should
have seen it, Sarah.
I have never been more
proud of Smallville.
- So there's something that
I wanna talk to you about.
But before you make up your
mind, just hear me out.
- OK.
- I wanna study
abroad next year.
- Like, out of the
country abroad?
- Yeah, I could learn a new
language and meet new people.
- You don't have to travel
thousands of miles away
to meet new people.
- Well, it would
look really good
on my college applications.
- So would playing sports or
joining an after school club.
- Mom, I'm serious.
I think this would be
really good for me.
- These programs
cost a lot of money.
- What if I help?
I could get a
scholarship or something.
- Where is this
even coming from?
- I just feel like ever
since I crashed my car,
I've been trying to take baby
steps to find my right path.
But I need something bigger and
I need something life changing.
- I just don't know
that I'm ready to have
you be gone for a whole year.
You're only 16.
- I could FaceTime
you every single day,
and I could write you letters.
I mean, who even
writes letters anymore?
[soft music]
♪ ♪
- Where would you even go?
- Yo. Were you at the fortress?
- Yeah, I just wanted
to get in some training.
Sorry to leave you
with Gaines before.
How'd that go?
- Dude, the guy will not
take no for an answer.
He made me promise to
watch all of Varsity Blues
before giving him
a final decision.
- What?
That James Van Der Beek movie?
- Yes. And it was awesome.
And he may have a point.
But look, do you
think that maybe
you're just going a little too
all-in on the Superboy thing?
- Wow.
You've been talking
to Mom and Dad.
- No, I just mean, like--
bro, you've been doing a lot.
- So what, you're gonna give
me superhero advice now?
- No, I just mean that maybe
you should slow down a little.
- You know I wouldn't
have to do so
much if you were helping me.
But you're the one
choosing to work at a diner
instead of saving
people's lives.
- That's because when I get
involved, I make things worse.
- Jordan.
- Ah, by the way, I didn't
get the job at the diner.
I guess Sarah agrees with you.
- Can you believe
John Henry and Lana
have been dating for a month?
- I know, I'm really
happy for them.
- Oh, Clark.
- What?
- Is that what
you've been doing
in there, dyeing your hair?
- Just a little.
- Yeah, I can smell it
all the way over here.
- Oh, come on.
It's not that bad.
- You don't need to hide it.
I like the salt and pepper.
- Yeah, I know.
It's just, I don't
think now's the time
for Superman to be going gray.
People are still worried after
everything that's happened.
- You sure that's
what this is about?
- It's not just the gray.
It's me not being as strong.
Uh, my hearing.
I just didn't think
I was gonna get old,
at least not anytime soon.
- You're not old, you're older.
There's a difference.
- Yeah, but I'm not what I was.
- Welcome to being human.
- I think part of me always
wanted to not be so different,
but I guess I just
didn't expect--
- All the baggage?
Getting older isn't all bad.
And at least now we can
age gracefully together.
- Yeah, that'd be worth it.
- I hope so.
Please wash that stuff
out of your hair.
It reeks.
- Yeah.
[thunder rumbling]
♪ ♪
- [coughing]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[glass shattering]
Sarah!
[grunting]
- Should've minded
your own business.
♪ ♪
- Mom!
Mom, are you OK?
- [panting]
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- All the windows are open.
- Gas.
- We're gonna go
check on Sarah.
- Clark.
Over here.
- Otis Grisham.
- Luthor must have sent him.
- I woke up because
I smelled gas.
I went into the kitchen
and saw that the security
system wasn't working,
and that's when he attacked me.
- His name is Otis Grisham.
- He did time with Luthor.
- So Lex Luthor tried to
kill me over a land deal?
- Sweetie, can you
get Lana some water?
- Yeah.
- Lois.
Sarah was here.
- I know. I know.
But you're both safe now.
- It's just, if I
hadn't woken up--
- I know how scary
this is, but they're
taking Grisham to the DOD,
and I promise,
I will make him talk.
- He had his hands
around my neck,
and he was just squeezing
harder and harder.
I couldn't breathe.
Just-- I thought
I was gonna die.
- You sure you're OK?
Your hands are shaking.
- That's kind of what
happens when you watch
your mom almost get murdered.
Thank God my dad makes us
sleep with bats under our bed.
It's the only thing
I had to protect us.
I didn't mean it like that.
- It's OK.
You're right.
- We should have
been here, Sarah.
- No, I don't blame you guys.
It's not like you guys
are waiting around all day
for something bad to happen.
- No, but I should
have been listening.
- I've been going so
hard lately, I didn't
even hear your mom's scream.
- It's OK.
Seriously.
- Sure.
- OK.
- I'm gonna go check on my mom.
[soft music]
♪ ♪
- Where's your father?
- Isn't he with you?
♪ ♪
- Luthor!
[thunder rumbling]
Luthor!
Get out here!
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- You look upset.
Did something happen?
- We know it was you.
- I don't follow.
- You harass my family,
you kill my father-in-law,
now you try to kill my friend
and her 16-year-old daughter.
- Again with these
false accusations?
You and your wife need to
stop trying to set me up.
- Stop lying!
Your friend Otis is in custody,
and we will make him talk.
- We'll see about that.
- This is over.
We are going to end you.
- You're going to end me?
♪ ♪
Try doing it without powers.
You have nothing on me!
And you never will,
even when there is nothing
left of your pathetic family!
- ♪ The tapping of the feet
seem loud ♪
♪ There's a girl
in a whirlwind cloud ♪
♪ I danced
with a Spaniard man ♪
♪ Till we had no breath left
in our pounding chests ♪
♪ I shudder like
I'm all bereft ♪
♪ I danced grief
from my pores ♪
♪ The beat pounds like
a knocking at the door ♪
[IDLES'
"When the Lights Come On"]
♪ ♪
[ringing]
♪ Recognize or recognizes me ♪
♪ I black out ♪
♪ I don't want your dim sum ♪
♪ It's 3:00 a.m. ♪
♪ I wanna dance
till the sun comes ♪
- No.
The lights.
- ♪ I wanna tear through the
night like an angel flare ♪
♪ I'm a 10-foot snare ♪
♪ That cuts in the sky
with no care ♪
♪ No care, no care, no ♪
♪ ♪
♪ A narcissist
on a cucking stool ♪
♪ ♪
♪ The kids are not... ♪
- [grunting]
- [laughs]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
I always knew
Superman was a facade.
Now they see who
you really are!
- Leave!
Don't ever come back.
[thunder rumbling]
♪ ♪
[device crunches]
- Your face is still bruised.
- Well, once the sun comes
out, it should start to heal.
- Normally it would
have healed already.
I think you need to go talk
to your mom about this.
- It's fine.
- That was awesome.
- You went full
"Mortal Kombat" on him.
- Clark Kent wins.
- OK, OK.
I don't think anybody
won tonight.
- Pretty sure Luthor's
face says otherwise.
- That's what he wanted,
for your father
to stoop down to his level.
- He had it coming.
He tried to kill Miss Lang.
- If anyone deserved
to have their ass beat--
- Boys.
Enough.
- Should have never
gone over there.
- What?
- No, no, Dad,
this was my fault.
If I hadn't fallen asleep,
I would have heard Miss Lang.
- Or if I'd been
listening at all.
I was wrong.
I can't just shut
everything out.
By doing nothing,
it makes things worse.
- What happened tonight
isn't on either of you.
- Until Luthor is back
behind bars, all of us
need to be ready.
- If you need anything,
we'll have a car right outside.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- Are you OK?
- I'm not sure how
to answer that.
- I'm so sorry.
If I hadn't gone after Luthor--
- He'd be building his
headquarters in Smallville.
If something had
happened to you--
- Mom.
Look.
I-- I get it was scary, but you
can't let guys like that win.
They're just gonna bully
you into doing nothing.
- You're right.
You're right.
And not just about Luthor.
I think that you
should go study abroad.
- What?
No.
Luthor's still out there.
- Which is exactly
why you should leave.
- What if something
happens to you?
- No, honey, I'm gonna be fine.
I'm more protected
now than ever.
You've come so far,
and I'm so proud of you.
You deserve this.
You're ready for this.
- Really?
[soft music]
♪ ♪
Thank you.
- So you're leaving Smallville?
- Just for junior year.
It's not like I won't
see you guys again.
You'll come visit me, right?
- Totally.
- For sure.
Where are you gonna go?
- I'm thinking Santiago, Chile.
Or maybe somewhere in Greece.
- I mean, do you want
us to help you decide?
- Like what?
You'd fly me to those places?
- You're the one always saying
that I'm wasting my powers.
I can't think of a better
way to use them.
- And I could really use
a day trip to just relax.
- Where should we go first?
- Wait.
Like, what?
Fly out right now?
- Greek islands?
- Greek islands.
- No, no, no.
[screams]
- Is he really gone?
- The boys heard him arriving
in Metropolis last night.
- You think he's moved on?
- I don't think
Lex Luthor is someone
who can ever really move on.
- Lana, about last night--
- No, Clark, please.
Don't apologize.
Just promise me
you'll stop him.
- I promise.
- Good.
What do you think
he's planning next?
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- Milton's lights didn't work.
- He was stronger
than I thought.
- You were reckless.
- It won't happen again.
- Lex.
- It won't.
Why are you here?
- Because you
asked me to choose.
And I choose you, Lex.
I'll always choose you.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
You're doing this wrong.
- It was hard to do on my own.
- I'm not talking
about your eye.
- What are you thinking?
- Well,
the first thing we need to do
is get you a killer suit.
[IDLES'
"When the Lights Come On"]
- ♪ Feels like
I'm coming home ♪
♪ Feels like I'm coming home ♪
♪ ♪
♪ A narcissist
on a cucking stool ♪
♪ The kids are not ♪
♪ ♪
[dramatic music]
- Greg, move your head.